README.md, before:

# Memory-for-scientists

Modified version of popular Memory game for scientists. There are additional features described below.
Game is designed to verify and consolidate the knowledge on selected subjects.
It also improves the memory as the Player must recall the localization of proper cards.

**Technology:** CSS3, HTML5, JS.

**Instalation:** No additional files are required.

**Description**
There are **additional features** included:
1. Presented memory game is based on matching of pair of 'name' and 'description'. So the matching elements are not the same.
When proper pair is visible both cards will remain visible.
2. There are 2 versions of game to be selected - 'transcription factors' and 'E.coli replications'.
3. In order to make it easier for the Player 'name' cards are 'description' cards are marked with different colors (yellow vs red).
4. At the end of the game the Player will receive the information about the number of rounds taken to complete the game.
The round is measured as checking 2 cards regardless the type of cards ('name' or 'description').


**Graphics:** The graphic on the cards was downloaded from
https://www.iconspng.com/image/3688/funny-green-bactera

**Status:** in progress

Commit message:

Checking the matching onlu when button for checking is clicked

README.md, after:

# Memory-for-scientists

Modified version of popular Memory game for scientists. There are additional features described below.
Game is designed to verify and consolidate the knowledge on selected subjects.
It also improves the memory as the Player must recall the localization of proper cards.

**Technology:** CSS3, HTML5, JS.

**Instalation:** No additional files are required.

**Description**
There are **additional features** included:
1. Presented memory game is based on matching of pair of 'name' and 'description'. So the matching elements are not the same.
When proper pair is visible both cards will remain visible.
2. There are 3 versions of game to be selected, 'transcription factors', 'E.coli replication' and 'labolatory techniques'.
3. In order to make it easier for the Player 'name' cards are 'description' cards are marked with different colors (yellow vs red).
4. At the end of the game the Player will receive the information about the number of rounds taken to complete the game.
The round is measured as checking 2 cards regardless the type of cards ('name' or 'description').
Only when clicked the button - check for match the match will be checked and round will be added to the count of number of rounds.


**Graphics:** The graphic on the cards was downloaded from
https://www.iconspng.com/image/3688/funny-green-bactera

**Status:** in progress
